=Generation to Generation=
=Episode 24=
Zigui is finally free.
All these years,
he was plagued by injuries,
homeless,
and hunted by his own sect.
He suffered too much.
It was no easy feat
for Uncle Guo to survive.
Why did Yin Dai insist on killing him?
Yin Dai claimed
Zigui signed a surrender letter
and disgraced the sect.
If you ask me,
he just didn't want Zigui to return.
Otherwise,
how could the Guos' estate
so rightfully fall
into Qingque Sect's hands?
The Yins' grand residence
and the Double Lotus Palace
were both built after that.
Yin Dai was after the Ziwei Method.
Using Nie Hengcheng's slaughter
of innocents as an excuse,
he incited the Six Sects
to attack Li Sect.
His true purpose
was to find out
why Nie Hengcheng's power
had grown so greatly.
He even sacrificed his disciples
to capture Elder Kaiyang,
and as he wished,
obtained the Ziwei Method.
From then on,
new and old grudges between both sides
ran deep,
like fire and water.
And he could begin his next move.
Stop.
Zhao,
do you know why your aunt
went alone to kill Nie Hengcheng?
Yin Dai knew his scheme
would one day be exposed by your aunt,
but he calculated one thing precisely,
and that was her character.
She could never stand by while Jianghu
was full of blood and corpses.
So, Yin Dai tricked her
into cultivating the Disintegration.
That way, he could kill
two birds with one stone.
- Shut up.
- He got rid
of Nie Hengcheng and your aunt.
That is the truth.
You can't hide
or escape it.
Blades are to be welded steadily,
but your heart is in chaos.
How can you wield it now?
You lost focus. Again.
Raise your hand.
Stand firm.
Continue.
Zhao,
martial arts are
to protect those beside you.
Though facing death,
it's for the sake of life.
Do you understand?
Aunt...
Give Zigui's ashes to your mother.
Ask her to take them back to Jiangdong
and scatter them
by the graves of his parents.
When you return to Luoying Valley,
light incense for your aunt
on my behalf.
Tell her
we live well here.
Our descendants
no longer practice martial arts.
From now on,
we have nothing more to do
with Jianghu.
It's a desolate place,
nothing worth much.
We brought you some food for the road.
This treasured sword...
A Qingque Sect disciple's blade.
That's right.
It was given to Zigui by Yin Dai
when he first entered the sect.
He once asked me to return it,
saying he disgraced the sect
and was unworthy
of being Master's disciple.
He considered it
as leaving the sect.
From then on,
he was no longer a disciple.
Zhao,
help deliver it as well.
Uncle Guo must've been heartbroken.
All these years,
has he had a single happy day?
That year,
when he heard Pingshu
killed Nie Hengcheng,
Zigui was still very pleased.
His heart for upholding justice
never completely turned cold.
Uncle Shi,
my mother once told me
that when Aunt traveled,
she befriended many friends
outside the Six Sects.
Was there anyone special among them?
Also,
when Aunt went alone to the duel,
where were they?
Why didn't they help her?
Back then, over half
of the Six Sects' elites perished.
As for the rest,
Yin Dai strictly ordered them not to go.
Those close to your aunt
and skilled in martial arts
were ambushed one after another.
Some died;
some were crippled.
Pingshu had no choice.
Was it Nie Hengcheng?
It could not have been him.
When Lu Chengnan stole
the Jade Sunflower,
Nie Hengcheng was greatly shaken,
nearly mad.
Fearing discovery by his followers
and the righteous sects,
he secluded himself to heal.
He had no time to set ambushes.
Mu is right.
Pingshu also believed
it wasn't Nie Hengcheng.
The culprit
remains unknown to this day.
It must've been the demonic sect.
We've left Jianghu behind,
but you are still within it.
Old causes are hard to end;
good outcomes are hard to reap.
The Six Sects
are deeply entangled
with the demonic sect.
You two young people
must take care of yourselves.
(Qinglong Altar)
Still playing with the peacock?
The Young Master has been out
for over a month.
Not going to look for him?
He's likely being lovey-dovey
with Miss Cai.
Why would we go disturb them?
Let him take his time.
No rush.
What if they truly elope?
Unlikely.
If they did,
not only our Li Sect,
but all the Six Sects would mobilize.
Besides, the Young Master
has grand ambitions.
To defy the world
and ruin his future for love
is not something he would do.
Future?
If Miss Cai likes it,
I think he'd pluck stars
and seize the moon.
A mere future and reputation
mean nothing to him.
Then I'll go look.
Hurry up.
What is it?
Hu Fengge was taken away.
What?
Another persimmon cake.
Still thinking about your aunt?
How could I not?
She knew Yin Dai's intentions
yet still chose to go alone.
No helpers,
no support.
She...
Nie Hengcheng and Yin Dai are dead.
Those who harmed your aunt
are gone.
No.
There is still the skin-painted demon
and the man in black.
Could the skin-painted demon
be the man in black?
He retrieved the saliva with my aunt
and knew about the Jade Sunflower.
He approached her with ulterior motives.
His scheming mind
and vast knowledge
are unfathomable.
But one thing is certain.
He is from your Li Sect.
There is
no record of such a person.
If the man in black is
the skin-painted demon,
he should've obtained
the Jade Sunflower.
Why slaughter the Chang clan?
Uncle Shi said
the mechanisms of Chang Fort
changed their core every three years.
Without someone guiding the way,
no one
could break in.
How did the man in black enter?
In recent years,
the only outsiders
who entered Chang Fort
were Ms. Luo
and me.
She was injured at Taichu Temple.
Why did she later appear at Chang Fort?
It was as if someone
deliberately let Uncle Chang see her.
As I once said,
among the killers
who slaughtered the Chang clan,
one emitted the Ethereal
of Taichu Temple.
I was certain it was Qiu Yuanfeng,
but I ignored Wang Yuanjing beside him.
But why would Wang Yuanjing do this?
Zhao,
didn't Uncle Shi say
Wang Yuanjing and Mr. Guo Zigui
were both imprisoned
in the EightClaw Prison?
Uncle Guo was captured,
yet Wang Yuanjing walked out.
At that time,
Mr. Wu was also imprisoned there.
You mean
Wang Yuanjing saw Wu Yuanying,
yet didn't rescue him?
Zhao,
did you find it strange
when Mr. Wu lunged
at Wang Yuanjing
at the memorial?
Yuanying!
Mr. Wu's expression
didn't look like joy at reunion,
but rather...
Hatred.
Zhao,
you're finally back.
We thought you were taken by Mu...
Well.
Mr. Mu took you for a stroll,
and you had too much fun to return.
- Chicken?
- Xingjia,
where are the others?
They are looking for you too.
Ever since you and Mr. Mu
went for that stroll,
this place has been in chaos.
What happened?
Someone leaked news
that you eloped with Mr. Mu.
Now, not only are your parents here,
but even Yang Heying,
Lord Yang, who thrives on chaos,
came to watch the show.
Master has a splitting headache.
Whoever leaked it
is a jerk!
Yes, a jerk!
Fan,
did Song Yuzhi truly cancel
the betrothal?
Absolutely.
He said to follow the natural cause,
but he couldn't hold back after all.
What do you mean?
Exactly what it sounds like.
You two,
what is going on?
What's going on?
Nothing is going on.
Back to business.
We think Taichu Temple is suspicious.
You've been staying here lately.
Have you seen Wang Yuanjing?
Not much.
All affairs in the temple
are handled by Mr. Li Min.
Lord Wang is rarely seen.
Fan,
what kind of person is Lord Wang?
The incident with Ms. Luo Yuanrong
hit him hard.
After all,
three fellow disciples died at once.
Who would not be upset?
After returning from Qingque Sect,
he immersed himself in alchemy
and cultivation,
claiming to have
seen through worldly matters
and seeking transcendence.
Transcendence?
He just fears vengeful spirits.
Zhao,
is there a problem with Lord Wang?
A big one.
But it's only a suspicion for now.
If we want proof,
he must admit it himself.
We need to get close to him
without arousing suspicion.
He rarely meets guests.
How can juniors like us approach him?
Isn't he afraid of death?
Then I think
he would be interested in an elixir
of immortality.
(Taichu Temple)
The Rebirth Pill?
Uncle Lei spent
over ten years refining it,
wasting countless herbs
to produce this single pill.
It's said that taking it
can free one from the three realms
and ascend to transformation
like Founder Beichen.
I was curious.
Lord Wang, I heard you study alchemy,
so I quietly
brought it for you to examine.
Is it truly that miraculous?
Indeed, good medicine.
Oh, my back...
Xiuming's medical skills have improved.
In two hours,
we can enter.
Yuanjing.
Yuanjing,
I can't die in peace.
Don't come closer.
Yuanjing.
Yuanjing,
when I sent a pigeon letter
to Taichu Temple,
why did you ignore my plea?
It didn't concern me.
Not me.
Did you hear the screams of my family?
It wasn't me, Chang.
- I'm innocent.
- My clan was killed.
I can't die in peace.
Yuanjing,
why didn't you save me?
Yuanying,
you died because of Qiu Yuanfeng.
He ignored you,
not me.
The EightClaw Prison.
Yuanying,
you're alive.
I'll rescue you now.
Yuanfeng said
you were killed by Elder Kaiyang.
Everyone thought you were dead.
Master is gone;
Uncle is invalid.
Yuanfeng's cultivation
is far inferior to mine.
They all said
I'd be the next lord of Taichu Temple.
As long as you were gone,
I could return home in glory as the lord
and bring honor to my ancestors.
Yuanying,
thanks for your help.
To conceal your filthy deeds,
you indirectly caused Guo Zigui's death.
Ironically, when you returned
to Taichu Temple,
you found Qiu Yuanfeng
inherited Uncle's cultivation
and beat you
during the sect competition.
The lord position never came to you.
That petty Qiu Yuanfeng
flattered Uncle endlessly
during recovery
and gained half his lifetime's power.
You went for wool and came home shorn,
leaving yourself vulnerable to others.
For that single thought,
you regretted it for over a decade,
yet you didn't repent
and caused over 100 deaths
in the Chang clan.
It wasn't me.
The demonic sect did it.
Who led them inside?
Who deceived Yuanrong?
Who opened Chang Fort's mechanisms
- and caused the massacre?
- It wasn't me.
I never meant to kill.
I did not.
Why didn't you save Yuanying?
Why didn't you save him?
Let go!
Expel her.
Yes.
If you don't want your mistake exposed,
do as I say.
(Chang Fort)
Who is there?
I never meant to kill them.
I did not.
He forced me.
If I didn't comply,
he'd tell everyone about my mistake.
Chang,
I only led them there.
Who is the man in black?
Who are you?
What poison did you give me?
Who am I?
I'm Chang Ning.
No.
You are Mu Qingyan,
who impersonated Chang Ning.
Guards!
Mr. Wu and Ms. Luo
treated you as family,
yet you caused their tragic deaths.
Mr. Chang treated you well,
yet you caused his entire can
to be slaughtered.
You deserve the most tragic end.
If he dies,
no one will know
who the man in black is.
Lord Wang.
The Chaos Needle.
You have it.
Better not act rashly again.
If you do,
I won't be able to stop him.
It seems you truly wish to die.
Very well.
I imagine the underworld
has many waiting to claim your life.
Cai Zhao,
as a disciple of the Six Sects,
you collude with a fiend.
Are you not afraid of shaming
your master and parents?
So what?
I'll simply tell the truth.
At worst, we gather everyone
and lay out your ugly deeds
one by one.
You left Mr. Wu in that prison,
set a trap for Ms. Luo,
and caused Uncle Chang's death.
Nonsense.
No one will believe you.
Lord Wang,
I refuse to believe no one saw you
take Ms. Luo to Chang Fort.
If we investigate carefully,
we will find witnesses.
Would you like to try?
Wang Yuanjing,
if you tell me the name
of the man in black,
I can spare your life.
You may continue as the Lord.
I won't mention the past.
We go our separate ways.
Why would you spare me?
The one who slaughtered the Chang clan
wasn't you, but that man in black.
I only want to find him and kill him
to avenge the Chang clan.
As for Mr. Wu
and Guo Zigui,
I have no interest
in your Six Sects' petty schemes.
Think about it.
If that person dies,
you lose someone
holding leverage over you.
Isn't that perfect?
As long as you tell us his name,
I guarantee
he won't kill you.
Fine.
I'll tell you.
Though he covered his face,
I recognized his eyes.
He is...
He is outside.
Seize the assassin!
- Watch them.
- Yes.
Lord Wang!
They killed Lord Wang.
Wait.
We didn't kill him.
Mu Qingyan,
Chief of the demonic sect.
You know me?
I saw you in Qingque Town.
Cai Zhao,
as a disciple of the Six Sects,
why collude with the demonic sect
and murder our lord?
What right does she have
to collude with me?
She's merely
a hostage I seized.
Do you think I'd believe that?
Cai Zhao,
don't think you can clear yourself.
Speak.
Why did you kill our lord?
He was scum.
I killed him.
What can you do?
Outrageous.
I'll kill you.
You can touch me,
but why touch my hostage?
What are you waiting for?
Avenge Lord Wang!
Stop! Stop!
Zhao!
My father is here.
I'll be fine.
Go first.
(Alchemy Room)
Father.
Mother.
(Nie Zhe contacted a mole
and rescued Hu Fengge.)
(Taichu Temple)
I knew he wasn't dead.
Zigui
had always been like that.
If he made a mistake,
he'd hide somewhere outside.
I kept waiting for him to come back.
I thought
even if he didn't show himself,
he must be living well
in some remote mountains.
Who knew...
Stop crying.
Zhao said he passed peacefully.
He settled what needed settling.
Isn't that all life amounts to?
That is enough.
Are you even human?
Didn't you hear Zhao say
he was tortured beyond recognition
by Nie Hengcheng's men
and suffered for over a decade
on his sickbed?
You call that peaceful?
Enough.
A traitor who surrendered
to the demonic sect
managed to live
for over a decade in hiding.
That was already fortune.
Had he dared show himself,
Lord Yin would've punished him
by the rules.
Enough chatter.
I know a little
about the Piercing Strike
of the demonic sect,
but I'm having a hard time mastering it.
What luck running into you today.
Come. Spar with me.
Cai Pingchun, are you crazy?
You crossed the line first.
Let's see if this strike
can hurt you.
Then do it. Why waste words?
- Come on.
- Stop!
Yuanjing's body still lies here,
yet as elders,
you bicker before the juniors.
Stop embarrassing yourselves.
Thank you, Lord Qi,
for remembering our slain lord.
I'm incompetent.
Lord Qi, please uphold justice
for Lord Wang
and punish the true culprit
to give all Taichu Temple disciples
an explanation.
Master,
you need not fear
Taichu Temple's trouble.
I did nothing wrong.
Wang Yuanjing
deserved death.
Zhao,
stop.
Li, don't worry.
I know you shared deep ties
with your lord.
But dismissing the other disciples
and keeping matters quiet
is also for your lord's sake.
Lord Song, what do you mean?
Didn't you hear Zhao?
If Lord Wang truly left Mr. Wu
in that prison...
That's slander
from that demonic fiend.
Who'd believe it?
As everyone knows,
Uncle Wang was always kind,
gentle, and magnanimous.
Cai Zhao,
you must've colluded
with Mu Qingyan to kill him.
Li,
we examined Lord Wang's sword wound.
The swordsman possessed
immense inner force,
beyond Zhao's ability.
Even Mu Qingyan
may not have such cultivation.
The demonic sect has many masters.
Who knows
if it was someone else?
Cai Zhao,
killing was bad enough,
yet you smear Lord Wang's name.
What is your intent?
I do have intent.
Everyone, do you remember
that at Founder Beichen's memorial,
how Mr. Wu reacted
when Lord Wang approached Mr. Wu,
whose meridians were severed?
I remember.
He could not see,
but upon hearing Lord Wang's voice,
he raised his head,
identified the direction, and lunged.
He seemed extremely agitated.
Zhao,
you mean
he wasn't falling
into Wang Yuanjing's arms?
He wanted...
He wanted to bite Wang's throat.
That does seem so.
If Mr. Wu tried
to bite him before dying,
Wang Yuanjing
must have wronged him.
When Wang Yuanjing entered
the EightClaw Prison,
Wu was alive and well.
Had he been saved then,
he wouldn't have suffered later.
Yeah.
How tragic.
With a few words,
you condemn Lord Wang?
So now,
Mu Qingyan is righteous,
and Lord Wang is evil?
You
simply bully Taichu Temple
in its decline.
Li,
the Six Sects are as one.
There is no bullying.
If Lord Wang truly committed
such disgrace,
the Six Sects would not shield him.
Fine.
Even if he failed to save someone,
it wasn't a capital crime.
Let me ask you.
If he conspired with the man in black
and caused over 100 deaths
in the Chang clan,
does he deserve death?
Enough of this man in black.
A grand-master in black?
You made him up.
It's your conspiracy.
Li,
to know the truth,
we need only find Mu Qingyan.
For now,
let Lord Wang be laid to rest.
All matters
will be discussed after the funeral.
Yuzhi, Zhao,
come with me.
Stop.
Taichu Temple
won't let Cai Zhao leave!
She's the murderer!
You shield your own.
Whether she colluded with Mu Qingyan
and killed Lord Wang
requires investigation.
She can't leave.
Of course, it will be investigated.
But Zhao can't stay here.
If she doesn't stay here,
what if she runs?
Lady Ning,
she's disappeared before, right?
Zhao is my disciple.
I guarantee for her.
Until the matter is clear,
she won't leave Qingque Sect.
Li, refrain
from reckless words.
Taichu Temple
is still among the Six Sects.
As head of the Six Sects,
I'm not decoration.
Mind yourself.
Let's go.
I've warned you repeatedly
that Mu Qingyan is no good man,
but you refused to listen.
You were deceived by him
and ended up like this.
Do you know how the Six Sects' disciples
speak of you in private?
Master,
I left alone
to seek the Shi brothers
for news of the Jade Sunflower
to heal Yuzhi.
Traveling with Mu Qingyan
was to investigate
the skin-painted demon.
Also,
the killer in the hall
was not Mu Qingyan.
It was the man in black.
I saw him myself.
Did Mu Qingyan also say
that the man in black
is from our Six Sects?
Have you considered
that everything you saw
may have been an illusion,
arranged by Mu Qingyan?
With a nonexistent man in black,
he sows distrust among the Six Sects.
This is
a brilliant move indeed.
I'll say it once more.
The skin-painted demon
can never be trusted.
I heard Luoying Valley
produces demonesses.
This one is like her ancestor,
colluding with the demonic sect chief
and killing Taichu Temple's lord.
Such scum.
Yet Lord Qi still protects her.
She colluded with the demonic sect
and betrayed her sect.
She should be executed
to set an example.
Who are you
to slander Qingque Sect?
This girl...
She has a quick temper.
Please forgive her.
The demoness rumor is false.
Spreading rumors is unwise.
He is Song Yuzhi,
Lord Qi's third disciple.
What are you doing?
Mr. Song,
we meant no offense.
Waiter.
This table is on me.
Sure.
These gossipers
deserve a lesson.
That's just nonsense.
- Ignore them.
- Exactly.
Zhao hardly looks like a demoness.
Cai Zhao,
did you collude with Mu Qingyan?
- Lingbo.
- You still defend her?
Listen to what they say about us.
Cai Zhao,
if you truly colluded
with the demonic sect
and shamed Father and the sect,
I'll be the first to spare you no mercy.
Lingbo,
I didn't kill Wang Yuanjing.
What's your relationship
with Mu Qingyan?
Where did you go these past weeks?
Master.
Father.
This is a critical time.
As fellow disciples,
you should stand together
against a common foe.
Yet look at yourselves.
This entire matter
began with Mu Qingyan.
Your Uncle Li
is pursuing him
to give Taichu Temple justice.
Until this is resolved,
no one
is to speak ill of Zhao.
- Yes.
Yes, Master.
Especially you.
Mother.
This is my dowry prepared by Zigui.
Keep it.
You and Mu Qingyan saw him off.
I have to thank you.
Actually, we came today
to talk
with you.
You want to ask
about Mu Qingyan, right?
Tell me the truth.
Why did you
go with him?
We wanted to find
who truly killed Uncle Chang.
These weeks,
how did he treat you?
He treated me
very well.
And you?
I...
Do you like him?
=Generation to Generation=
♪The breeze is gentle,
and spring is fair♪
♪I roam the rivers and hills
in the martial world♪
♪With a shining cup,
I drink with delight tonight♪
♪Free to wander in the world♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I rest beneath the stars' soft gleam♪
♪The night is calm, still as a stream♪
♪It washes away all judgment and scheme♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪